So this is the big picture.
But what's inside this course now.
We are almost done getting started.
And in the next module we'll dive into the moon in theory.
So we'll have a look at all the four core components of the stack.
To be express react and know chairs.
We'll see how this work and how they are connected to both finally build the moon stack with that theoretical
part out of the way.
It's time to dive into our course project then we will start with the react front end for this.
We'll use futures like components hawks routing and we'll also add front end user input validation.
And with that towards the end of this module we will have a nice looking and from a front and perspective
working application.
What's missing here of course is the back and then he will focus onto note and express.
We create our own REST API implement our own roads use controllers and models and as we did it for the
front end.
Now it's time for the back end user input validation presets that will also learn how we can connect
our back end to a real database.
Mom would you be in our case here with that the back and we'll be finished.
What's missing here of course now is the connection of these two ends.
And that's what's going to happen in the next module.
With that we will have our first draft of the working Marine application here.
Few things are missing though at this stage one thing is file upload covered in the next module.
Here we will learn how we can store files images in our case on our own server following the file upload
the broken authentication the authentication module will mainly cover the user sign up and the user
log in logic so that only if you are locked in for example you can access certain parts of our application.
And with that our application will be built.
We will have a full moon stack application at this stage.
There is only one last thing missing and this is the last module which concludes the course the deployment
module because up to this point we were working in a local development environment.
Here we will learn how we can deploy our app to a real server in the Internet.
So as you can see lots of topics to cover in this course.
Lots of things to learn and to explore.
And before we dive into the course now let's have a look at how you can get the most out of this course.